hey youtube Django here and this is this
figure review of the Punisher and smile
first-ever review um so yeah we're doing
the Punisher I really like this guy um
first we'll start out with the comic
that he came with when you bought it
when you get the figures you get this
comic the punisher war zone very good
like that uh based off the new movie
that just came out here to go here we go
I think but um this guy is so cool so
we'll start out with the base that he
comes with put this guy right there
standing wait put them in the camera do
so everybody can see him right there be
good he's going to stand up for all good
all right um this is a really nice base
i really liked it um like how it's like
an old abandoned apartment fire thing
where the fire dude would go fireman
would go I like it and it's like an old
abandoned apartment window the whole the
windows are boarded up I like the bricks
how the bricks have them cracks in it
the nice cracked detailed and that's a
really good one really good um I like it
also right here um here I'll show you
how this thing goes together first it
comes with this thing you know the base
you can just like hang them up there
whatever you got this it's like a
sidewalk I guess I'm really disappointed
that the guns didn't you couldn't take
the guns off or anything whoa sorry guys
sorry about that really sorry about that
but um I kind of wish that they the guns
and the stuff will come off the
newspaper or says Punisher on it crime
family but I like the detail and the
bullets and stuff and
gun right there the an event holders on
thing for machine gun ammo for the
machine gun arm grenade a little thing
you like pull off the grenade um I like
this so it's pretty good I really like
this even though the guns can come off
to bed now that when you first get this
figure you will have to put it together
some assembly is required so first off
you take this off the front end of it
off hold on okay comes off nice and easy
that's the front part of the gate so you
have nothing there and how did this go
before this comes out I think no this
goes out and then you just pull these
out I don't want to do because it's hard
to put these are hard to put back in but
simply just stick the there's two little
prongs you stick them in to flee this
one will go in nice and easily for me
and then this thing like i said it goes
right here or you can just like posed
them on the wall like that just a brick
wall but i like putting this thing on
there I don't guys
I don't okay there we go that's pretty
much what it looks like put together
think ha that's what it looks like put
together I like it a lot it's very
detailed very good base so that's the
base now on to the figure and the guns
i'll start out with the guns actually
very nicely it comes with a nice aah
machine gun about a detailing that did a
good job with this machine gun really
good so yup the machine gun very nice
and then they came with ya came with
this pistol nothing not much detailing
in this just them two little dot their
knees on each side Fitz and I say in his
hand they both do I'm down to the figure
Android here head you know goes side to
side doesn't have that you know thing
and they're working the knob what is it
so on the chest where you can like go in
and out um very nice white gloves you
know double joint right here yeah the
knees can bend very nice belt you're
like dirty like the belt dirt is dirt on
it not dirt but nice detailing the belt
if you can see it nice detailing in the
face too why don't you can see it
let me see oh you can see it a nice
detailing that they put into that like
that a lot too very good figure now let
me put him in his off and his a mood I
his pose I like to put him in okay
beginning nicely what on get the little
pistol on that just don't let me put
that in this hand
there we go
now bass just nicely there's little
things right here where there's hole in
his feet you put them in but care for
that not much and boom nicely oh sorry
this thing just don't but nicely done
the pistol would be in his hand like
that every go with the pistol in his
hand shooting up I guess now one more
little spin-around of him
so yeah it's pretty much it this is
Django I'll be doing more vids probably
my next few vids you see a Punisher
he'll be like hanging right there or
something like you'll see more and more
figures around here but um so yep until
next time see ya